Acts 17-20
This is a *very* long list of questions, some of which are more relevant to the text while others are only relevant by a thread. 
The thing about scripture is that it's not just some text we read and then continue living life as if nothing happened. 
Even as culture may change and our understanding of the original context may fade, it has relevance to *this* day and age where we are, just as it did 2,000 years ago in the middle of the Roman Empire.
I'm hoping these questions ground us back to the tangibility of Jesus and his work in our lives. 
With that said, I don't expect anyone to finish answering this list of questions. 
Please pick and choose as you wish. Or, if you and your group want to talk about / discuss / focus on other stuff entirely, please feel free to do that!
If you have any questions about any of this, please feel free to snag me from whichever group I'm in.
If/when you're done (either by actually finishing the questions or by deciding that enough is enough xP), feel free to spend time praying for one another and/or talking about how things are going in life. Or, just do that to begin with if you so choose!

Acts 17

1. (v. 5-9) Throughout the book of Acts (as well as Jesus' ministry), the reaction to the Gospel was explosive. It seems that wherever they go to preach the Gospel, they're either met with some sort of revival or some form of organized pushback (e.g. mobs wanting to kill them), or both.
	a) What does this tell you about the message of the Gospel? In particular, whether in jubilation or uproar, why do you think the people responded in the way they did?
	b) How does this line up with the gospel preached in an "average" US-based church?
	c) How does this line up with the gospel preached in our church? 
	d) How does this line up with your understanding of the Gospel? 

2. (v. 22-34) While preaching to a bunch of people in Athens, Paul relates to them based on their cultural and religious context. 
	a) What are different ways you've seen the Gospel preached/shared to people in different contexts?
	b) In the context of your day-to-day life, what does (or what can) it look like to preach the Gospel (or simply represent Jesus)?
	c) What are some (perhaps unique) ways in which your relationship with Jesus is manifested in your context (e.g. culture, work, etc.)?
	d) On the flip side, every culture also has brokenness that runs in conflict with the Gospel. In your context (e.g. cultural upbringing), what are examples of values/beliefs/mindsets that are incompatible with the Gospel?
	e) How have you seen cultural values masquerade as Biblical ideals? Please elaborate. 

Acts 18 

1. (v. 1-8) Whether it's investing in a relationship, seeking reconciliation, etc., there are always opportunities for pushback to happen. In many circumstances, merely getting pushback shouldn't be a reason to give up and quit. In this situation, however, it seems like Paul does just that. 
	a) What are examples in the Bible of people "calling quits"?
	b) What are examples in your own life in which it makes sense to "call quits"? 
	c) What does it look like to "call quits" in a loving and Christ-like manner? Feel free to share from your personal experience. 

Acts 19

1. (v. 13-16) In this section, some Jews try to invoke Jesus' name ("In the name of the Jesus whom Paul preaches") to drive out demons. They fail. 
	a) It's important for one to have their own relationship with God, as opposed to relying on someone else's relationship with him. 
		i) What are examples you see in which people attempt to rely on the faith of others, rather than develop it themselves?
		ii) Are there any ways in which your faith depends heavily on someone other than Jesus? 
		iii) While our *personal* relationship with God is something that requires personal intimacy (i.e., to be done between us and God), it's also meant to be/grow in the context of community as well. 
		How do you reconcile these two things? Or rather, how do these two things complement each other? 
	b) In the context of the supernatural (e.g. prophetic, casting out demons), or even just ministry in general, there are often times in which certain personalities (intentionally or unintentionally) get center stage.
		i) What are examples of this in the Bible?
		ii) What are examples of this in the current world?
		iii) What are some consequences of this? Feel free to share either things that happened in the Bible or your own experiences

2. (v. 17-20) When it comes to following Jesus, there is always a cost. 
	a) What does that cost look like for you?
	b) In light of a), what about Jesus makes him worth following **FOR YOU**? Please answer from personal experience; no textbook answers allowed! For example, if you say "God is faithful," please tangibly explain *how* he has been faithful in your life.

Acts 20

1. (v. 7-12) In this section/paragraph, Paul was giving a talk/sermon. One guy, tired as he was, seems to have gotten lulled to sleep, leading him to fall out of the window that he was sitting in to his death. He then gets resurrected!
	a) On miracles and their place in the church. 
		i) Suppose something like this happened at an "average" church in the US (e.g. someone having a heart attack, a light fixture falling onto someone, etc). What do you think the response would be, and how would it differ from Paul's response?
		ii) Suppose something like this happened in *our* church. What do you think our response would be, and how would this differ from Paul's?
		iii) What do you think is the role of giftings (e.g. healing, prophecy, tongues, etc.) in the church?
		iv) Reflect on the above. 
	b) On grace and redemption: Regarding the guy who fell to his death, one might say that his falling was on him (I'm not necessarily saying this! Just playing devil's advocate xP). Regardless, the same power that raised Christ from the grave raised him as well. 
		i) What are ways in your life where you did something wrong, which should have yielded certain consequences, but instead, saw the grace of God in undeserved blessings? 
		ii) What are ways you've seen God redeem brokenness, and even use it to bless you? 
